mind your decisions i'm preshtalwalker
the diagram illustrates a net of an
unfolded rectangular box
the diagram has dimensions of 13 10
and 34 as shown what is the volume of
the rectangular box
i thank ketechie for suggesting this
problem
pause the video if you'd like to give
this problem a try and when you're ready
keep watching to learn how to solve this
problem
[Music]
so how can we solve this problem we will
get started by color coding opposite
faces of the rectangular box
we will then fold these faces together
to create a rectangular box
this three-dimensional shape has a
length equal to l a width equal to w
and a height equal to h we will then
unfold the faces to get back to the net
we can then label the lengths on this
diagram
we will label some sides as l other
sides as h
and this remaining side is w from here
we have 34 is equal to 2l plus 2h
we then have 13 is equal to w plus l
and finally we have 10 is equal to w
plus h
we have a system of three equations for
three variables
we'll get started by dividing the first
equation by two
we'll then subtract the third equation
from the second equation
and we get three is equal to l minus h
we'll add these two resultant equations
together and eliminate the h
variable so we get the 20 is equal to 2l
this means l is equal to 10. we can
substitute into the second equation
to solve the w is equal to 3 we can then
substitute into the third equation
to solve that h is equal to 7. we can
then use these dimensions
to solve for the volume of the
rectangular box which is equal to
l times w times h and that's equal to
this was quite a challenging problem but
with a little bit
of inside and outside the box thinking
we were able to solve it quite routinely
thanks for making mind your decisions
one of the best channels on youtube
as always thanks for watching and thanks
for your support
you